Enabled multiple GMT/GMX files for GSEA (#105)
nf-core/differentialabundance: assets/differentialabundance_report.Rmd

    if (unlist(params[paste0(gene_set_method, '_run')])){
      cat("\n### ", toupper(gene_set_method) ," {.tabset}\n")
      

>       for (gmt_file in strsplit(params$gsea_gene_sets, " ")[[1]]) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      for (gmt_file in simpleSplit(params$gsea_gene_sets)) {
```
(just a shortcut function that's available to this file via shinyngs)

>         gmt_name <- strsplit(basename(gmt_file), '.', fixed=T)[[1]]
>         gmt_name <- paste0(head(gmt_name, -1), collapse=".")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        gmt_name <- basename(gmt_file)
```

Sorry, I'm not sure what you were trying to do there, but it seems like a plain `basename` does the same thing

Author: Hmm, that was to remove the file extension. I suppose we can leave it in though

Reviewer: ```
> basename(tools::file_path_sans_ext('s3://fee/fi/fo.txt.fi'))
[1] "fo.txt"
```
?

>         cat("\n#### ", gmt_name ," {.tabset}\n")

Reviewer: I'm not 100% sure about the hierarchical tabsets, I find the display a bit confusing, but let's go with it for now.

Author: I know what you mean but dunno what would be a better alternative
